# -FURRRY
A curated collection of tutorials on fixing your owned devices even when the mfgr says "No."
1.  Right to Repair
Some manufacturers/brands are taking steps to limit or prevent repairs or changing of inoperable components by end user.  Such steps include adding serialization so parts must match the original serial numbers cooked into the components of a device, and if non-matching items are used, the device will not work.  Other steps include the use of proprietary attachment hardware requiring special, unavailable, tools, or simply limiting the availability of schematics or replacement parts or diagrams.  
Many consumers are comfortable with the purchase of an item when the full ownership conveys with the purchase.  Many are not comfortable with paying the price of an item then bein restricted on what can be repaired and by whom.
Interfering with the purchaser's enjoyment of an item, or business use, or any decision of the purchaser about his property can be seen as a breach of the purchase agreement, exercising improper authority over former property and other anti-consumer rights violations.  
2. Anti-Competitive Infringements:
To take very proprietery steps to prevent the consumer or a third-party tradesman from working is seen by many as anti-American and anti-competitive.  Our economic system depends on small business and the jobs created at that level.
3.  Dialogue and Testing   Other Paradigms:
 To provide an arena for open examination of the benefits and costs to each stakeholder, it is likely all parties will be able to find a working solution, or more than one solution, all subject to the participants suggstions and even-handed exercise of their roles, the leverage their type of contribution creates, and the benefits to all parties derived from mutual negotiated sstems.
4.  General Planning and Organizing:
 Since this project exists in theory, some real-world research and economic impact calculations will be necessary to constrain the claims of each participant class.  There will be a need to enumerate the structure of a classification system, categorizing similar products and skill sets, along with specialized tools and sourcing of OEM and after-market pgrades, improvements, and any licensure or certification.  
 A relationship with the trade organizations, new product market, skilled craftsmen and tradesmen that can provide advice, training, or rescue to DIY'ers, a tool market for every division, a jobs board to help brands and repairmen to remain stafed, training and accreditation, and so on, with bull's-ey trageting for marketing messaging, profile building to offer each user a personalized experience, a system of peer ratings and karma, monetization similar or identical to) YouTube, A way of sharing revenues with brands that contribute content and authoratitive sourcing of components, and probably a dozen other revenue opportunities wil create a worldwide market for high-tech, complex devices, down to items with zero moving parts such as hammers or hand tools.  Creating revenue will be unavoidable.
 The end user of the products under repair, the repair-related products or services, and the intellectual content availability in one convenient location, catalogued and sing several different data organizational structures to return content that is laser-focused on the specific item, operation, and valuable experience from people who built it or who designed it or who have been making repairs for a career spanning yars to decades, will make our product indespensible within 5 years.
 
 Teams shall be identified, tasked, populated, and given opportunities to innovate and re-think the entire process of product invention, marketing, testing, packaging, distribution, tutorial baseline requirements, rating and reviewing systems, sponsorships, etc.  Data will build a users DB, a Content Creators DB, Product DB, Brand DB, Repair Trades DB, Parts and Materials DB, Skills Training and Certification DB, Jobs, Employers, and Workers DB, Security and authentication systems, and more.  UI/UX will maximize user and creator comfort and remove unnecessary stumbling blocks that might discourage someone from their desired tasks.  Content and other data will be strategically stashed near high-demand centers and optimized for peak demand, leaving no buffering or congestion inconveniences.  
 A huge legal team will need to start work on developing Terms, Privacy, IP (content) policies.  A Marketing assault using all effective means of promoting the savings to be had versus brands withholding and even booby-trapping devices, and promising a tiered, skill-selected approach to content and delivery (language, prior successful completions, user certifications, etc.) matching the individual with the best level and source of content for his specific project, the amounts of time saved searching for relevant, quality content with professional or skilled presenters revealing hacks and shortcuts if available, and a project success guarantee.  E xtended warranties and service plans available.  Multi-platform content delivery, to mobile, laptop/desktop, or High-Definition screens!  Sound-leveling so one segment is no louder or softer than the one before or after it.  
 Free, limited service plans leading to affordable but more extensive content availability for occasional DIY'ers up to weekend Warriors, Pro/Am Handymen/Jacks of all trades, etc.
 
 Personal note:  I'm a marketer.  I am coming late to the app/web/tech world.  I am literate but not yet fluent in Python, js, and web codes, complete nube for serverless, packaging, and not really fluent in any frameworks for back-end.  Im learning and have made strides.  I will continue to do so.  I want to do something noteworthy while on this planet, and use the resources it generates to improve our society, individual health and happiness, and stamp out homelessness, hunger, and drug abuse. 
